# Bellabeat_project
Rapid advances in the manufacturing of wearable devices assisted consumers to monitor their physical activity and become more active. These wearable smart devices are preferred because they are less expensive than a gym membership or many types of exercise equipment. They have also the ability to measure and record a variety of activity-related outcomes including steps, distance, heart rate, active minutes, calories, and sleep.
Bellabeat, a high-tech company that manufactures health-focused smart products, was founded in 2013, Bellabeat has grown rapidly and quickly positioned itself as a tech-driven wellness company for women. 	
As to how can a wellness technology company play it smart, Urška Sršen, cofounder and Chief Creative Officer of Bellabeat, believes that analyzing smart device fitness data could help unlock new growth opportunities for the company. For that, she encouraged the marketing analytics team to use public data that explores smart device users’ daily habits. Then, using this information, she would like high-level recommendations for how these trends can inform Bellabeat marketing strategy.
To identify potential opportunities for Bellabeat's growth, I analyzed FitBit fitness tracker data using R (see the code herewith) to gain insight into how consumers are using the product, figured out how could these trends apply to Bellabeat customers, and how these trends help influence Bellabeat marketing strategy. For the details of my report on the analysis, findings and recommendations, please check out my portfolio (https://sites.google.com/d/1fJSz4WDJV6yym0xDRUGV6A4bYaD9Mb64/p/1REisBjOHHhXWbiuB3hq_g4_xc9s-vNG_/edit?authuser=1).
